---
title: 2026-05-15-WEEKLY-1
date: 2026-05-15
categories:
  - Meta
tags:
  - systems
---

Getting started with revisiting my python basics.
I plan to use VScode or Thonny
- VSC simply because of the customizations and animations I have shoved into my installation
- Thonny, because of the **incredibly satisfying** and easy to understand debugging system

I will be using [[https://inventwithpython.com/automate3workbook/| AutomateTheBoringStuffWithPython]], Claude and [[https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/python-v9/| Free Code Camp]] for this, jsut to get the python blood flowing once more

I used to desire to expound and integrate uses in Java, HTML and C; coding languages into my skillset - but I doubt it would help my ambitions much since I want to be able to be semi fluid between digital and "analogue" workflows in my career and pursuits in Biochemistry. It'll also be really helpful to make my own custom systems and logics to organize complex notes, find relations and assist an easier thinking pattern of drawing a web of links between thinks
- Like how I found an understanding in Subset and Mutually exclusive probabilities for Venn diagrams on Edexcel IAL Statistics 1 and my experience in rigging object meshes with child-parent parenting on Blender
  
  Two completely different experiences, coming together by a web of links
  
While I dont expect to have a second mind of sorts to link such a massively large range of ideas purely out of their logics - I do think it'll be rather useful within the education space. Like how Pythagorean theorem is applied in vector addition for physics; or even how the formation of free radicals in chemistry comes into play for risks of CVD in biology.

For today though, I think this is plenty of work outside academia. Im relatively satisfied to get started. Afterall, the first step is the biggest and hardest.

Thank you, and see you soon :D

الحمدالله.